[pulsing electronic music playing]
Just because something
is right in front of you
does not mean…
Hey!
…it is within reach.
There is always something in the way.
Sometimes it is your opponent.
Sometimes it is yourself.
[dramatic instrumental music playing]
[in Japanese] Start the match!
["Into My Soul" by Gabin playing]
[fighting grunts]
[Jayme grunts]
♪ I say leap into my arms, babe ♪
♪ C'mon, dive into my soul ♪
-[Ben groans]
-[Jayme snarls]
[Jayme strains]
♪ C'mon, dive into my soul… ♪
[both grunting]
[Ben panting]
-[yells]
-[Jayme grunts]
♪ C'mon, jump into my bobsled ♪
♪ C'mon, dive into my soul ♪
[hisses]
-♪ I say ♪
♪ Don't look back ♪
-♪ Look back, look back ♪
-♪ Don't look back ♪
-♪ I say ♪
-[both gasp]
♪ Don't look back ♪
♪ Look back, look back… ♪
[yells]
[hisses]
[Ben grunting]
[Jayme yells]
-♪ Look back ♪
-♪ I say don't look back ♪
♪ Look back ♪
♪ Look back, look back ♪
[Jayme screaming and grunting]
[straining]
[Jayme grunting]
♪ Don't look back… ♪
You're gonna tap out or pass out.
It's your choice.
[muffled grunting]
Hey, it's your life.
[Jayme wails]
Ben, that's enough! Let her go!
Jayme. Jayme, come on. Just tap out.
I'm afraid there's no tapping out
in the real world, children.
-[bones snapping]
-[Jayme wails]
-That's enough!
-[Reginald] No!
[Jayme whimpers]
Jayme will let us know
when she's had enough.
[Ben straining]
-[tentacle tightening]
-[Jayme gasps]
[ominous instrumental music playing]
[muffled grunting]
[Ben wails in pain]
[gasping for air]
[panting]
[bell clangs]
Suck it, squid boy.
Bravo.
[Ben breathing rapidly]
[grunts]
[Reginald] Remember, children,
we never know what we're truly capable of
until we're forced
to confront our own extinction.
And as their sensei, it is my job
to make sure they never have to.
Then you overestimate yourself.
Children, leave us.
Let's go, guys.
-They're not ready.
-Nobody's ever truly ready.
Sending them to the other side now
would be suicide.
You've grown too attached, my old friend.
Lost your objectivity.
And you've grown so detached,
you've lost your humanity.
What humanity?
-I won't let you hurt them.
-Won't let me?
You forget yourself, Pogo.
They're my children.
And they will do
whatever it is I ask of them.
If you disapprove,
perhaps you might find other employment.
I can be gone by morning.
Why wait? You can be gone in an hour.
[sighs]
[door slides shut]
[emotional string music playing]
[Sloane sniffles]
[Sloane weeping]
[door closes]
[emotional music swells]
[gulps]
I don't tattoo children.
Swell, I'm not here for the ink.
I'm here because
you and I have a mutual friend.
Sir Reginald Hargreeves.
[sighs]
Whatever he wants, I'm not interested.
I don't think you understand.
I'm one of his children.
From another timeline.
[ominous music playing]
[chains rattling]
Another timeline?
[chuckles]
As crazy as it sounds,
you and I have met before.
Back in 1963,
when you were a diaper-wearing chimp
in dire need of a manicure.
I don't know if you remember,
but I have a scar to prove it.
If what you're saying is true,
I'd be talking to a man
well into his sixties.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I've had a very long day.
Pogo, you need to listen to me.
[man grunts]
-Time to go home to Mommy, li'l guy.
-[door opens, shuts]
Or what?
[chopper engine revving]
Shit.
Hey, I need your bike. It's an emergency.
Think you have me confused
with someone who gives a shit.
Give me the bike or else…
Okay.
Whoa! [grunts]
[engine revving]
[shockwave pulsing]
What are you listening to?
[wind blowing gently]
Harlan!
Headphones?
What's playing?
You.
Everyone has their own vibration.
Like a sonic fingerprint.
Oh, yeah?
What's mine sound like?
Wrong.
You're unpleasant to be around,
you know that?
[Viktor] Hey.
You two getting along?
Oh, yeah. Two peas in a pod.
How'd the others take you going AWOL?
Wouldn't say
I'm their favorite sibling right now.
You okay, Harlan?
Mr. Conversation.
Doing all right?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Things are getting really bad out there.
There's not much time
until everything falls apart.
Okay, so what's the plan?
Harlan helps me figure out
how to take his powers back.
And… And if that doesn't work?
Uh…
Look, Viktor, I got your back, okay,
but there's a limit.
The others are right.
We have to face this Kugelblitz.
Yeah, I know, I know…
You have till tonight.
Otherwise, I swear, I'm gonna rumor
your ass to come back with me, okay?
Yes, yeah.
Sibling swear.
I'm serious.
Don't mess with me, tiny.
[Viktor] Let's do this.
[car door shuts]
[Lila] Stan?
Stanley?
Oi, wake up!
[police sirens wailing]
I can't find Stan.
Do you always yell in the mornings?
Well, it's what I do when I'm worried.
-I'm sure he's around here somewhere.
-Okay.
[Lila sighs]
He wouldn't have got Kugelblitzed
with everyone else, would he?
[ominous music playing]
Shit.
[gasps]
[quietly] Oh, good.
You remembered the nut butter.
[exhales] All right.
Mmm.
Anybody see you?
No, but I don't think I can
keep you hidden up here forever.
Well, I can't go back to the hotel.
Why not?
I don't know.
-Luther.
-Mm-hmm?
-You're stress eating like you do.
-No, I'm not.
All right, what…
What's really going on?
[sighs]
I had a… fight with my sibling.
Which one?
A couple of 'em, actually.
[sighs] Okay.
Remember when I told you
that my family is all that I have?
Yeah.
I'm starting to wonder
if I even have that.
I'm so sorry.
It's fine.
I'm just so tired of fighting it.
The only thing we really have in common
is childhood trauma.
[chuckles]
I just… I'm not sure if that's enough
to keep us together anymore, you know?
Actually, I do.
Yeah.
You know, there is one thing
I'm 1,000% sure about.
Your math isn't great,
but we can work with that.
-[knocking on door]
-Shit!
[out of breath] Hey. Hi.
Ben needs a word.
Great. I'll be down in… in ten.
Not with you.
Him.
[chuckles] Oh! Hey, Fei. How's it going?
How did you know?
We share a wall.
And your bed squeaks.
Kept me up all night.
Phew. [chuckles]
[Fei chuckles]
[Sloane] I told you!
Stan?
Stanley!
[Lila] Jesus.
Stan?
Stanley?
Ugh, rank. [hisses]
[Diego] Found something.
What?
[low-frequency creaking]
Oh boy.
That's some spooky shit.
-It's Stan's lucky lighter.
-D'you think he went in there?
Yeah, of course he did.
No warm-blooded 12-year-old
can resist a mystery tunnel.
Stan!
You going?
-After you.
-Fine.
Enjoy the view.
[sounds echoing]
Oh, he better be at the end of this,
or I'm gonna be pissed.
It was your bright idea
to go into this murder hole.
Did we just go in a circle?
-Was that always there?
-No.
And I never forget an ass.
Look at that painting.
What the hell's going on here?
I don't know, but that used to be
a portrait of a woman.
These used to be Corn Nuts.
[hinge squeaking]
[eerie instrumental music playing]
I don't normally say this,
but, uh, I'm officially freaked out.
[man on radio]
Uh, I'd like to talk about ghosts…
[radio static hisses]
[blues song playing]
How do we start?
I don't know.
Maybe start with what you did in the barn
back in 1963.
But that didn't work.
I'm not a kid anymore. I can help you.
Okay, how?
Let me show you.
[energy resonating]
[wind howling]
Can you hear it?
[energy subsides]
-I hear the wind.
-[Harlan] No.
Deeper than that.
Beneath the wind.
Every living thing has an energy wave.
A sound of its own.
[energy resonating]
I… I…
No, I… I can't.
Concentrate. I want you to hear it.
[energy resonating]
[groans]
It… It's hurting!
[Harlan] You need to relax. Let it in.
[groans]
Viktor?
-Viktor?
-[Viktor gasping]
[Allison] Harlan, stop!
I can take it.
-[Viktor groans]
-[Allison] Harlan, that's enough!
[echoing] I heard a rumor you let him go.
Listen harder, Viktor! You have to listen!
[groaning]
[straining] I can… hear… it.
[Viktor groaning]
Focus on it.
Let it flow through your body.
[screaming]
[feedback whines]
[groaning]
[groans]
[panting]
[Allison] Harlan!
Harlan, stop! It's too much!
[voice echoes]
[Allison panting]
How the hell did I just do that?
You had no right! We were making progress.
Progress? You were killing him!
[Viktor panting]
You said we could try till tonight.
There's still time. You promised.
No. No, there's something else
going on here.
You wouldn't be
risking your life like this.
Look, whatever it is, you can tell me.
[panting]
You don't have to be here.
[emotional string music playing]
Well, I don't have anywhere else to go.
But I'm not gonna stand here
and watch you try to kill yourself.
Okay.
I'm ready.
-How much longer do we have to wait?
-Are you in a rush to be somewhere else?
No, it's just…
I'm not supposed to be here.
For all I know, Ben and Fei
can jump up from behind that couch
and stab me to death.
I'd never let them lay a finger on you.
Okay.
Give us a minute.
You. Be nice.
[footsteps fade]
Listen, I'm sorry, man.
I didn't mean to creep into your house.
-Don't blame Sloane--
-What's your game?
Big fan of Yahtzee.
You know, old Ben
would have laughed at that joke.
Okay, Gigantor,
out with it.
What's with your family's
weird brother Ben fetish?
He… you…
were the best of us,
and you died too soon.
[sighs] The Jennifer incident--
The what?
It doesn't matter.
Just know that we were
never the same without you.
So, I'll take every second
of whatever version of you we've got.
I'm not him, you moron.
Yes, I know.
He cared about people.
He was selfless and… and kind--
Don't forget funny.
[chuckles]
You know, maybe…
maybe there's a little bit of him
inside of you.
Nope. Not at all.
Well, genetically you are the same person,
just raised in a different environment.
Oh, here we go.
The old nature versus nurture argument.
Deny it,
but he's in there…
somewhere.
Okay.
I've already had one big dumb brother
telling me what to do.
I don't need another.
But the team might.
Grace!
[Luther] Mom?
-Are you all right?
-Of course. Why do you ask?
Open it.
-[raven caws]
-I can't take this.
Oh my God.
Are you serious?
I'd rather have him with us
than against us.
Aren't you gonna try it on?
You're about Marcus's size.
Hey. What's wrong?
I'm honored.
Really, I am. I just…
I'm still an Umbrella.
Are you?
You can stay as long as you like.
What the hell was that?
Wouldn't you like to know.
[engine stops]
[woman] Can I help you?
Need a word with Pogo.
Ain't no Pogo here, pumpkin.
Okay.
So I suggest you get
your ass off my property
before I call a truant officer.
[Pogo] It's okay, Tammy. Let the boy in.
[pistol cocking]
You're either dumb or desperate.
-Which is it?
-You tell me.
[sniffs]
That looks like my work,
but I never did that tattoo.
Not yet, you haven't.
I cut it off my 100-year-old self.
Ah, so desperate it is.
You would be too if you knew
the entire universe were at stake.
[sharp inhale] So it's happened.
[pistol de-cocks]
Hmm.
Ah, here it is.
Look familiar?
Reggie was obsessed with these symbols.
It's a sigil.
A symbol thought to have magical powers.
Dad believed in science, facts.
I didn't respect much about the old man,
but I respected that.
Hoo-ha was not his thing.
It's gotta have a rational meaning.
I don't know,
but he referred to it as Project Oblivion.
Oblivion.
This project. I need to know more.
4-Adam-30 requesting SWAT and a backup.
[Reginald] You got this, T. J. !
3455 California Street.
[glass shatters]
I'm under fire from a single assailant
with an automatic weapon.
There's a female hostage.
[Reginald] You again!
To what do I owe the intrusion?
Well, you know, with the world ending
for the thrice time,
I thought, why not finally get to know
my old man?
I'm not your old man, young man.
I may look like him, act like him,
but I did not raise you.
Yeah, yeah, different timeline,
I get all that stuff.
But you're still him though!
You look like him,
and you act like him, only--
Only what?
You're so much nicer than the other one.
He was a complete asshole!
Such opprobrious language for your father!
Yeah, I… I don't know what that means.
I'd love to stay here idly chatting,
but I'm terribly busy.
Yeah, well, too bad!
'Cause everything's
leading me back to you,
back to here,
the… the White Buffalo Suite.
The menudo that resembled the painting.
-You know about the White Buffalo Suite.
-That's where I died!
[makes croaking noise]
What is it you want from me?
I…
Have you ever felt like there's something
you're supposed to be doing,
something important,
but no one's telling you what it is,
and you're scared
that you're gonna miss out
or… or… or mess it up
because you're always screwin' things up,
and you're really fuckin' tired of it!
Good, go on.
I need you to help me understand
certain things about who I am.
Such as?
Like why you locked me in a mausoleum
and slowed down my heart rate
until I came to
in a pool of my own vomit.
Now, that's just--
that's what the little girl
on the bicycle showed me,
but she might be God.
She might be the devil.
I mean, I don't know. Who's to say?
I don't know which is which.
You are marvelously deranged.
Sit.
Sit. Come, tell me everything!
[Klaus] Okay.
[bell dings]
[traditional Japanese flute music playing]
[Diego] Stan!
[Diego] Stanley!
This place is jacked.
Really? I hadn't noticed.
[Lila] Come on.
Hello!
"Hotel Oblivion."
Whoa, numpty! Can't you read?
It says "do not ring bell."
We need help finding Stan. Why put a bell
if they don't want us to ring it?
-[Lila] Trudy's gonna kill me.
-Who's Trudy?
Stan's mum.
[Diego] Wait.
What?
Stan, he's not our child.
Fancy some sushi?
I mean, it was kind of like a dream.
[pencil scratching]
But then it was also
like a perfume commercial.
[sighs] And then there was soup.
And then when I was finished,
I just came back.
Just… pow!
[Klaus] I said I'd come back.
-Are you even listening to me?
-I'm hanging on every word.
This is fascinating.
Everything is fascinating
ever since you weaned me off
those damned pills.
I'd like to return the favor.
Help you to understand who you really are.
Would you like that?
There's nothing I'd like more.
Other than a probiotic yogurt
that doesn't make me fart.
Then get over here, boy!
[Klaus giggles] Okay.
[Klaus grunts]
A little stiffer than I expected,
but we gotta start somewhere, I suppose.
-What are you doing back there?
-Part one of your healing.
Experimentation.
-[electricity crackling]
-[groaning]
[grunts]
[electricity humming]
Fascinating!
It was a kamikaze mission.
He was preparing the Sparrow children
with the expectation
they might never return.
That's why I gave
the children those pills,
to keep them safe from him.
Well, my druggie brother
just got him sober. Go figure.
Then Project Oblivion is starting again,
and you are all in danger.
Then I should probably get that ink.
Complete the loop.
Are you sure?
Oh, I don't think destiny cares
whether I am or not.
Bitch is cruel, ain't she?
[Pogo] Well then, let's get started.
[tattoo machine buzzing]
[Harlan] You're still using
the sounds that you can hear,
like the rain
or the wind
or the sound of your own breathing.
You have to learn
to use the sounds that you can't.
Yeah, how am I supposed to do that?
When you left,
I realized I had this… thing inside me.
This
power.
I hoped I could use it for something good.
Something
beautiful.
I didn't know what it was.
I… I called it marigold.
Like the flower?
You know how bees find pollen?
Bees have a positive charge,
flowers have a negative one.
The bees use the hairs on their body
to detect the interaction
between the fields.
They can hear the pollen.
Okay. What-- [scoffs] What are you saying?
[dramatic instrumental music playing]
You need to stop listening
with your ears.
Listen with your marigold.
And find mine.
[Viktor inhales]
[Viktor exhales sharply]
[energy resonates]
[distant thunder rumbling]
[Ray] I always thought
you hated playgrounds.
Every time we passed by one,
you always just looked the other way.
[emotional instrumental music playing]
Our father never let us play on them
because he said they were juvenile.
Claire loved them.
Especially the swings.
I wish you could have met her.
I'm sure we probably would have
gotten along just fine.
[Allison chuckles]
More than fine. She would have loved you.
The way that I loved you.
The way I still love you.
I love you too, baby.
And you know I'm always gon' love you.
Please stop.
Why?
Because you're not real.
The Ray I know died nine years ago
at the age of 82. I looked it up.
Well, I hope I had a good life.
Not as good as you deserved.
[Ray] So, what?
You seeing things?
I think I'm losing my mind.
We all go a little crazy
from time to time.
Maybe that's what
stress'll do to a person.
You don't understand.
I can't get back to you or Claire.
You're both gone forever,
and it's like you were never real.
Were you ever real?
We were here. You know it.
And as long as you're alive,
we're gon' keep on living in there
and in here.
No matter when or where you are,
we're both always gon' be with you,
so you have got to do
what it takes to survive this.
Promise me.
[inhales sharply]
-[thunder rumbles]
-[sighs]
[energy resonates faintly]
[energy pulsing]
[electricity crackling]
Oh God.
Viktor.
[thunder clapping]
[Allison] Viktor!
Viktor!
[Viktor groaning]
[car alarm blaring]
[energy zapping]
[Allison] Viktor!
[energy resonating loudly]
[Viktor groaning]
[both groaning]
[screaming]
[echoing scream]
-[Harlan and Viktor screaming]
-[grunts]
[grunts]
[wind howling]
[gasping for air]
[panting]
[gasps]
Viktor.
Hey.
-Hey. Hey.
-[Viktor groaning]
Hey. Come on, come on, come on.
[Viktor grunting]
[Allison] Hey, hey. You okay?
[Allison panting]
Hey.
[Viktor] Harlan?
It's gone.
[chuckles softly]
[Harlan] We did it.
[Allison] Okay. He's okay.
Okay? Hey. Hey. He's okay.
[gentle flute music playing]
[Diego] So, Stan… is adopted. Okay.
Yeah, that's fine, that's fine.
I was adopted. I turned out pretty well.
No, not adopted. I borrowed him
from my mate Trudy for a week.
Wait, hold up. You bo--
Lila, did you kidnap a kid?
She went on holiday,
and he needed some fun,
and I wanted to see
what kind of dad you'd make.
You know, stress test. Kick the tires.
Are you insane?!
Uh, we met in an asylum.
Unbel--
You know, Stan deserves better than this.
Stanley's in on it!
Oh Jesus.
Oh, you… You're… You're…
You're… You're… You're…!
[yells]
-Damn it!
-It's okay, love. It'll come to you.
You know what? I will deal with you later.
Right now, we lost a kid.
A human being
that belongs to somebody else.
Why do you think I'm stress eating
dead bloody fish, you wanker?
Look, I adore that little criminal, okay?
More than you ever will.
But Stanley can take care of himself.
He's probably having a laugh.
We just need to--
Forget it. I'll deal with this myself.
We should probably stay in one place.
What if he wanders by?
How's Viktor?
Sleeping.
He's exhausted.
Thank you for before,
letting us finish what we needed to do.
He's my brother.
I'd do anything for him.
What happens to me now?
You go home.
We clean up your mess.
With the Sparrows.
Yeah.
It's okay. I know why you don't like me.
-I don't like the hold you have on him.
-It's because of what I did.
To all of you.
And what is that exactly?
[ominous instrumental music playing]
I…
I… thought Viktor told you.
About the mothers.
It was you.
-You're the reason they're all dead.
-It was an accident.
-I didn't mean to hurt them.
-You're the reason Claire's dead.
-My powers spilled over. Got in my head.
-And the reason the whole world is ending!
I… I couldn't stop myself.
Viktor knew.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I didn't want--
Sorry is what you say
when you spill a glass of milk,
not obliterate somebody's child!
What are you gonna do?
[foreboding music swells]
Stan!
Lila! Get over here.
Did you find him?
[Diego] I can't… I can't get out.
The doors won't let me.
Yeah, I am never eating here again.
You have the attention span
of a fruit fly.
-Where are you going?
-To get help finding Stan.
[Lila] Hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey! No!
[loud gong sounding]
[gong vibrations resonating]
[rumbling]
[vibrations subsiding]
[deep voice lowing]
[heavy footsteps pounding]
[heavy footsteps continue]
[deep voice lowing]
[whispers echoing]
[footsteps continue]
-Diego?
-I hear it.
[deep voice lowing]
[footsteps approaching]
[eerie music building]
-We need to get out of here.
-Not without Stan.
[deep voice snarls]
[chain rattling]
[wails in pain]
-[Diego screams]
-[Lila] Go!
[deep voice lowing]
[Lila and Diego panting]
-[bell dings]
-[Lila] Go, go, go!
[Diego] Go! Go!
[both screaming]
-[Diego grunts]
-Go! Come on!
-[Diego] Whoa, whoa!
-Go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
[chains rattling]
-That's a lot of blood.
-It's fine.
-[footsteps approaching]
[pounding]
-[pounding]
-[Lila] Push harder!
[deep voice lowing]
[footsteps subsiding]
[panting]
[Diego winces]
[loud slurping]
[Lila] Stanley?
-You gotta be kidding me.
-Where the hell were you?
What? A kid doesn't have time
to get a Slushee and a Slim Jim?
[shockwave pulsing]
[Stan screams]
[Diego] Oh shit.
[Lila gasps]
[solemn string music playing]
[Diego sighs]
[distant police sirens wailing]
[fire crackling]
[siren wailing]
-[fire engine horn blaring]
-[sirens wailing]
You got what you wanted.
This is done.
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[raven cawing]
[scoffs]
[rock violin music playing]